# Simulating ideal two-pole pulses

For this task we aim to learn an analytical two-pole function using a neural network. The input of this network will be various paramters such as amplitude and time constants, and the network should output a corresponding time trace that is given by the two-pole function with the input parameters.

This task is a stepping stone towards building a full DMC neural network.

## Dataset 
See the ```data``` folder

## Scoring

1. Performance score

Performance is ranked by ```sqrt(MSE)``` (lower is better) over the **entire** dataset:
```python
score = np.sqrt(np.mean(np.square(traces-predicted_traces)))
```

As part of the task specification you should have a minimum validation split of 20%. You should not train/test with the entire dataset otherwise your result will not be counted. Given the simplicity of the data it's also desirable to generate a small dataset yourself using the python function given and train on that instead.

2. Physics Check

Frequently the network will converge to an unphysical minima which has a high performance score on the dataset but doesn't actually understand the physics. In this task we check whether the network is physical by looking at the PSD of noise traces generated by the network. Concretely, we fix ```A``` to be 0 (or some small number if the model ouputs identical zeros for ```A=0```) and have the network produce noise traces. If the noise traces deviate greatly from flat noise, the model is deemed unphysical and fails the physics check.

Any pre/post-processing introduced must be differentiable.

## Submission

You should save your model as a Keras model using ```keras.models.save()```. Tarballs or ```.keras``` files are both accepted. Please submit a pull request if you have a model that performs better than the top model in the current ranking. For models that contain custom loss functions/layers, the ```compile=False``` option may be required when loading the model.

## Current Ranking

| Model Name | Score | Physics Check | Submitted by | 
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |  |  |  |
